task.md, before:

# TODO:s

## SearchEngines.js

- [ ] need to add image for you.com
- [x] always show last selected search engine - COMPLETED 10/05/24
- [ ] need to rename link and Component name and link name to SearchEngines

## Others

- [ ] Need to fix metaTagsGenrator component error to reproducer error shift+s
- [ ] need to add og:image with website name and tools availble
- [x] add in title and meta title , live html for SEO - COMPLETED 06/05/24
- [x] need open link in another tab of borser list in autoprefixer tab also check for all links - COMPLETED 06/05/24
- [ ] make website PWA, offline site: link: </DevToolboxWeb/issues/50>
- [x] add google console in websites.jsx - COMPLETED 06/05/24
- [x] delete task.todo file from repo - COMPLETED 06/05/24
- [ ] need to correct stringConverter component logic when [ chnage case with selector ]
- [ ] inside typescriptPlayground component reset config  option reset buttons in inside optionBtns btn
- [ ] in typescriptplayground component need to crate save option function 
- [x] need to add comment in index.html file like this <!--**  Github: https://github.com/sabeerbikba/dev.tools  **--> - COMPLETED 02/06/24
- [ ] give word-wrap button in markdownEditor component 


## Tools Ideas

- [ ] svg editor using lib <https://github.com/SVG-Edit/svgedit>
- [ ] if possible better use <https://github.com/givanz/VvvebJs> drag and drop web editor better then grapejs 
- [ ] code snippets saving block to save code snippets 
- [ ] base64 viewer what that is image or video or auto if better use selectors
- [ ] jsx and tsx code formaatter 
- [x] html css javascript formater in single code editor  [ to format css need to use style tag same for javascript script tag ] - COMPLETED 24/05/24
- [ ] device info with navigator API 
- [ ] color shades genrator in colorConverterComponent
- [ ] html-to-jsx.jsx and jsx-to-html
- [x] loremIpsum genrator: <https://www.mobilefish.com/services/lipsum/lipsum.php> - COMPLETED 24/05/24
- [ ] html css javascript code minifier
 to minify css use <style></style> and for javascript <script></script> and html default
- [x] live .md editor - COMPLETED 25/05/24
- [ ] robots.txt genrator
  - if user set every site allow to crow notify to use that if all pages allow not reason to add robots.txt file
- typescript play that simmilar to <https://www.typescriptlang.org/play/> copy from <https://github.com/microsoft/TypeScript-Website> repo
- [ ] css filters
- [x] Live react code - COMPLETED 24/05/24 
- [ ] css tools [ * html-css-js.com || + GPT || ]
- [ ] boxShadow *
- [ ] textShadow and styling spacing what can do with text - also need to support google fonts  
- [ ] gradient*
- [ ] font *
  - [ ] font-family: Specifies the font family for text.
  - [ ] font-size: Sets the size of the font.
  - [ ] font-style: Specifies the style of the font (normal, italic, oblique).
  - [ ] font-weight: Sets the weight or thickness of the font (normal, bold, bolder, lighter, 100-900).
  - [ ] font-variant: Controls the appearance of small caps in the font.
  - [ ] font-stretch: Adjusts the width of the font.
  - [ ] font: Shorthand for setting multiple font properties in one declaration (e.g., font: italic bold 12px/30px Arial, sans-serif;).
  - [ ] line-height: Sets the height of lines of text.
  - [ ] letter-spacing: Adjusts the spacing between characters.
  - [ ] word-spacing: Controls the spacing between words.
  - [ ] text-align: Specifies the horizontal alignment of text (left, right, center, justify).
  - [ ] text-decoration: Adds decorations such as underline, overline, line-through, or blink to text.
  - [ ] text-transform: Controls the capitalization of text (uppercase, lowercase, capitalize).
  - [ ] text-indent: Sets the indentation of the first line of text.
  - [ ] text-shadow: Adds a shadow to text.
  - [ ] white-space: Defines how white space inside an element is handled.
  - [ ] font-display: Controls how font files are loaded and displayed by the browser.
  - [ ] font-feature-settings: Enables or disables specific OpenType features in fonts.
  - [ ] font-kerning: Controls the use of kerning pairs in fonts.
  - [ ] font-variant-caps: Specifies the capitalization of text (normal, small-caps).
  - [ ] font-variant-east-asian: Controls the display of East Asian characters in fonts.
  - [ ] font-variant-ligatures: Enables or disables ligatures in fonts.
  - [ ] font-variant-numeric: Controls the display of numeric characters in fonts.
  - [ ] font-variation-settings: Controls the variation in font styles for variable fonts.
  - [ ] font-smooth: This property controls font smoothing, which is the anti-aliasing effect applied to fonts to make them appear smoother on screen. It's mostly supported in older versions of web browsers and is not commonly used anymore.
  - [ ] font-size-adjust: This property adjusts the font size based on the x-height of the first-choice font, ensuring that fonts of similar x-heights appear at the same size, regardless of the font family or fallback font used. This property is useful for maintaining consistent text sizes across different fonts.
  - [ ] font-optical-sizing: This property allows you to control whether font rendering should optimize for legibility or rendering speed. It's primarily used for fine-tuning the appearance of text in different contexts, such as print or digital screens.
- [ ] table *
- [ ] border*
- [ ] border-radius*
- [ ] transform *
- [ ] backgoround *
- [ ] css sprite genrator +
- [ ] css shape genrator+
- [ ] css color pallte genrator +
- [ ] css timeline editor +
- [ ] css responsive designe teste (like in developer tool devices)+
- [ ] grid builder +
- [ ] css filters also opacity
- [ ] css cursor testing
- [ ] <https://cssgenerator.org/>
- [ ] Box Shadow
- [ ] Text Shadow
- [ ] CSS Cursor
- [ ] Border
- [ ] Border Radius
- [ ] Gradient CSS
- [ ] Transform CSS
- [ ] RGBA & Hex Color
- [ ] Multiple Columns
- [ ] Filter

* [ ] code minifiers
- [ ] social media id link genrator : <https://faq.whatsapp.com/5913398998672934> : <https://web.whatsapp.com/send?phone=yourphonenumber>
- [ ] Convert css in js or vanilla css to tailwind css or vice versa
- [ ] Html tables code genrater
- [ ] Send html templates from client
- [x] add html formatter in live html - COMPLETED 24/05/24
- [ ] fake data genrator using faker
- [ ] need to add <https://gist.github.com/sabeerbikba/baa8d4dda596e9ca94b4894e8599d0a7> in metaTagsGenrator
- [ ] images
- [ ] corp
- [ ] compress
 [ images corp and compression tool using lib react-image-file-resizer and react-image-crop ]

* add google fonts and google all developer helping products in websites component

- [ ] more compression tools
  - <https://fffuel.co/>
  - <https://animista.net/play/basic/shadow-inset/shadow-inset-lr>
  - <https://svgartista.net/?referrer=animista>
- [ ] screen width and height live  
- [ ] json-schema-to-openapi-schema.jsx ??
- [ ] toml-to-json.jsx
- [ ] toml-to-yaml.jsx
- [ ] yaml-to-json.jsx
- [ ] yaml-to-toml.jsx
- [ ] json-to-toml.jsx
- [ ] json-to-yaml.jsx

## Advance

* [ ] Logo Color Matcher: Recommend colors for a logo based on industry standards or psychological impact.
- [ ] **featureUpdate:** live preview for hugo with editor markdown file live preview of website page will look like after upload css

Commit message:

- added more task - removed un-used lib. - added  some styles

task.md, after:

# TODO:s

## SearchEngines.js

- [ ] need to add image for you.com
- [x] always show last selected search engine - COMPLETED 10/05/24
- [ ] need to rename link and Component name and link name to SearchEngines

## Others

- [ ] need to add og:image with website name and tools availble
- [x] add in title and meta title , live html for SEO - COMPLETED 06/05/24
- [x] need open link in another tab of borser list in autoprefixer tab also check for all links - COMPLETED 06/05/24
- [ ] make website available offline not PWA
- [ ] all button need to looks like same 
- [ ] integation tailwind css in LiveReact and LiveHtml component give toggle button in Livehtml component  
- [x] add google console in websites.jsx - COMPLETED 06/05/24
- [x] delete task.todo file from repo - COMPLETED 06/05/24
- [x] need to correct stringConverter component logic when [ chnage case with selector ] - COMPLETE 13/06/24
- [x] in string convertor component give option convert text LowerCase and UpperCase - COMPLETE 13/06/24
- [ ] inside typescriptPlayground component reset config  option reset buttons in inside optionBtns btn
- [ ] in typescriptplayground component need to crate save option function 
- [x] need to add comment in index.html file like this <!--**  Github: https://github.com/sabeerbikba/dev.tools  **--> - COMPLETED 02/06/24
- [ ] give word-wrap button in markdownEditor component 
- [ ] in wordCounter componennt in character counter options give checkbox including spces  or exclude space 
- [ ] also give sort option to WordCounter component 
- [ ] need to remove Monaco Editor from WordCounter component 
- [ ] some time monaco editor did't load because of server give fallback editor after specific time editor did't load


## Tools Ideas

- [ ] svg editor using lib <https://github.com/SVG-Edit/svgedit>
- [ ] if possible better use <https://github.com/givanz/VvvebJs> drag and drop web editor better then grapejs 
- [ ] CSV to Table inspired by this vsCode extension : <https://github.com/Plasma/csv-to-table>
- [ ] code snippets saving block to save code snippets 
- [ ] base64 viewer what that is image or video or auto if better use selectors
- [ ] jsx and tsx code formaatter 
- [x] html css javascript formater in single code editor  [ to format css need to use style tag same for javascript script tag ] - COMPLETED 24/05/24
- [ ] device info with navigator API 
- [ ] color shades genrator in colorConverterComponent
- [ ] html-to-jsx.jsx and jsx-to-html
- [x] loremIpsum genrator: <https://www.mobilefish.com/services/lipsum/lipsum.php> - COMPLETED 24/05/24
- [ ] html css javascript code minifier
 to minify css use <style></style> and for javascript <script></script> and html default
- [x] live .md editor - COMPLETED 25/05/24
- [ ] robots.txt genrator
  - if user set every site allow to crow notify to use that if all pages allow not reason to add robots.txt file
- typescript play that simmilar to <https://www.typescriptlang.org/play/> copy from <https://github.com/microsoft/TypeScript-Website> repo
- [ ] css filters
- [x] Live react code - COMPLETED 24/05/24 
- [ ] css tools [ * html-css-js.com || + GPT || ]
- [ ] boxShadow *
- [ ] textShadow and styling spacing what can do with text - also need to support google fonts  
- [ ] gradient*
- [ ] font *
  - [ ] font-family: Specifies the font family for text.
  - [ ] font-size: Sets the size of the font.
  - [ ] font-style: Specifies the style of the font (normal, italic, oblique).
  - [ ] font-weight: Sets the weight or thickness of the font (normal, bold, bolder, lighter, 100-900).
  - [ ] font-variant: Controls the appearance of small caps in the font.
  - [ ] font-stretch: Adjusts the width of the font.
  - [ ] font: Shorthand for setting multiple font properties in one declaration (e.g., font: italic bold 12px/30px Arial, sans-serif;).
  - [ ] line-height: Sets the height of lines of text.
  - [ ] letter-spacing: Adjusts the spacing between characters.
  - [ ] word-spacing: Controls the spacing between words.
  - [ ] text-align: Specifies the horizontal alignment of text (left, right, center, justify).
  - [ ] text-decoration: Adds decorations such as underline, overline, line-through, or blink to text.
  - [ ] text-transform: Controls the capitalization of text (uppercase, lowercase, capitalize).
  - [ ] text-indent: Sets the indentation of the first line of text.
  - [ ] text-shadow: Adds a shadow to text.
  - [ ] white-space: Defines how white space inside an element is handled.
  - [ ] font-display: Controls how font files are loaded and displayed by the browser.
  - [ ] font-feature-settings: Enables or disables specific OpenType features in fonts.
  - [ ] font-kerning: Controls the use of kerning pairs in fonts.
  - [ ] font-variant-caps: Specifies the capitalization of text (normal, small-caps).
  - [ ] font-variant-east-asian: Controls the display of East Asian characters in fonts.
  - [ ] font-variant-ligatures: Enables or disables ligatures in fonts.
  - [ ] font-variant-numeric: Controls the display of numeric characters in fonts.
  - [ ] font-variation-settings: Controls the variation in font styles for variable fonts.
  - [ ] font-smooth: This property controls font smoothing, which is the anti-aliasing effect applied to fonts to make them appear smoother on screen. It's mostly supported in older versions of web browsers and is not commonly used anymore.
  - [ ] font-size-adjust: This property adjusts the font size based on the x-height of the first-choice font, ensuring that fonts of similar x-heights appear at the same size, regardless of the font family or fallback font used. This property is useful for maintaining consistent text sizes across different fonts.
  - [ ] font-optical-sizing: This property allows you to control whether font rendering should optimize for legibility or rendering speed. It's primarily used for fine-tuning the appearance of text in different contexts, such as print or digital screens.
- [ ] table *
- [ ] border*
- [ ] border-radius*
- [ ] transform *
- [ ] backgoround *
- [ ] css sprite genrator +
- [ ] css shape genrator+
- [ ] css color pallte genrator +
- [ ] css timeline editor +
- [ ] css responsive designe teste (like in developer tool devices)+
- [ ] grid builder +
- [ ] css filters also opacity
- [ ] css cursor testing
- [ ] <https://cssgenerator.org/>
- [ ] Box Shadow
- [ ] Text Shadow
- [ ] CSS Cursor
- [ ] Border
- [ ] Border Radius
- [ ] Gradient CSS
- [ ] Transform CSS
- [ ] RGBA & Hex Color
- [ ] Multiple Columns
- [ ] Filter

* [ ] code minifiers
- [ ] social media id link genrator : <https://faq.whatsapp.com/5913398998672934> : <https://web.whatsapp.com/send?phone=yourphonenumber>
- [ ] Convert css in js or vanilla css to tailwind css or vice versa
- [ ] Html tables code genrater
- [ ] Send html templates from client
- [x] add html formatter in live html - COMPLETED 24/05/24
- [ ] fake data genrator using faker
- [ ] need to add <https://gist.github.com/sabeerbikba/baa8d4dda596e9ca94b4894e8599d0a7> in metaTagsGenrator
- [ ] images
- [ ] corp
- [ ] compress
 [ images corp and compression tool using lib react-image-file-resizer and react-image-crop ]

* add google fonts and google all developer helping products in websites component

- [ ] more compression tools
  - <https://fffuel.co/>
  - <https://animista.net/play/basic/shadow-inset/shadow-inset-lr>
  - <https://svgartista.net/?referrer=animista>
- [ ] screen width and height live  
- [ ] json-schema-to-openapi-schema.jsx ??
- [ ] toml-to-json.jsx
- [ ] toml-to-yaml.jsx
- [ ] yaml-to-json.jsx
- [ ] yaml-to-toml.jsx
- [ ] json-to-toml.jsx
- [ ] json-to-yaml.jsx

## Advance

* [ ] Logo Color Matcher: Recommend colors for a logo based on industry standards or psychological impact.
- [ ] **featureUpdate:** live preview for hugo with editor markdown file live preview of website page will look like after upload css
